Testing, testing, testing. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4.
Going on a little more.
Wednesday.
Well,
I was born in Chicago and reared on one side. My dad
was a cell phone company. My mother was a
homemaker. I had two other brothers. I went to New
Church High School.
Left my house. Got to hitchhike every day. And then
went to school first through second.
I went to Ohio State, made my grades there, and went
on to Ohio State. I graduated from there, and then I
worked for my rich uncle, Sam, for two years in
Germany. And fortunately,
I didn't have to go to Vietnam, but that was the time
that I was going. And I came back, and I was married,
had two sons. I worked in the golf region, Calgary.
I
really didn't. I
was thinking about being a pet, and I'm not very
good at math and chemistry, so I kind of struggled
with that. I really didn't know what I wanted to do,
and I became attached to it with golf. But
I knew I wanted to get involved with it.
And
he had a defined program, I know. Yes, he did.
Right. Now, how did you and A&M get connected?
Through labor. They called him, and they were
looking for Marvin Tate. was
the assistant athletic director. His memory was
in as large as a football player's athletic
director. And his memory gave Marvin the
responsibility to hire a counselor. And so we
called up Lavin and asked him if he knew any
counselors. Lavin and I were very close. My father
had a school there. He was really kind to me, and my
father listened to him. after
i graduated and he called me up i know what it was So
I went out. And
when I went out there that summer, this was about
the end of that summer. He said, Texas A&M, we're
looking for a doctor. And I told him, I'm going to
see a doctor. I really need a doctor. So I was kind of
thinking, oh, Texas A&M, I'm looking for a doctor.
Well,
I want to do it, so I'm on my way back. Wonderful
guy.
Yes, he was. Marvin did the day-to-day. This is
what year? This is 1974.
Describe the interview process. Well, Marvin and
I basically drove around. He showed me that we had
this guy working over at the golf course that was
not very friendly. I don't want to say his name.
There will be people here that will know it. said
that uh no he didn't even drive
by and show me the golf course we just uh inside of
course showed him of course a little bit and i'm
like you're not the briar because he drove by fort
auburn and he'd go by every big home he'd be fine you
know we just talked as that was basically the end
and then we went to uh he brought me by and i met his
wife at the house and then we came back and we ate And
then he brought me in to meet Emory. And Emory and I
talked finances. And he asked me what I needed, and
I told him. And he said, well, that's a little high.
And I said, well, that's what I need. He asked me,
and that's what I need. And when you have a job, it's
a lot easier to look for another one. And he said,
well, we'll let you know. And that was in June, and
they offered it to me in July. All right. Did you get
the impression that you were one of a number? Not at
that time, but subsequently I found out that there
was Mike Holder, who's presently at Oklahoma
State, and a very successful coach, and also Jimmy
Clayton, who lives in Texas, who had a lot of
success, too. They were key advocates for the job.
Now, I'm not going to ask for money, but what was the
bid? It was $14,000. And did you have a budget
beyond that? Yes, they did. Do you remember what
the... Oh, gosh. In round numbers? I would say
probably $60,000. And you were replacing whom?
Henry Ransom. And he'd been here a long, long time.
Well, yeah, he'd been here for a while, and then he
got out, and Joe Fagan was a coach for a while, and
Henry was before Joe, so... Actually, Joe was
sandwiched
by him for a number of years. Well, I was just so
excited to even think about getting a job. It could
have just been a putt-putt, and I would have been
excited. But I walked out on the college golf
course, and they had just gone through a pretty big
revamping process. R.E. Peterson, R.F.
Peterson, who was at the border region, D.
Peterson, R.F. Peterson, he had called in Jackie
Burke, and Jackie went out and he did the golf
course. And it looked rough, you know, from
somebody's eye who didn't know golf course. But I
could see, wow, this is a golf course. And
he had designed it where there were just landing
areas in the sea, and then there would be about 15
yards each side of the fairway where it was hydro,
and then it would get to another nation. And it was
a... You'd go out and shoot 74, 75. It was a good one.
And Hard Vessels was... I think he's head of
business, I think. He was vice president of
business. On campus, and the golf course was one of
his responsibilities. And I remember him coming
in. J.O. Adams was the head of the golf committee,
of which I was a member. I remember Howard coming in
and just begging, please let us mow the fairways.
Because we can't see anybody play golf. Students
are going out. They never had to pay much. They
couldn't find the golf balls. And we weren't
generating any money. And so Howard just begged
for it to get permission to mold the fairways. And
then eventually we molded them all down. And the
redesign was pretty much lost. But, oh, and that
first redesign came out. That thing was tough. And
this is a great old golf course. There was a time
here when they were going to go ahead and just tear
it up and redo it. But this is a Ralph
Plummer-designed golf course. Now, Ralph
Plummer, he's a great architect, and I know one
golf course he did that most everybody knows, and
that's the Cypress Course in Champions, where
they had the Tour Championship last year. They had
the Ryder Cup. They had the National Amateur. They
had the Southern Amateur. It's a great golf
course. He designed it for that course and our
course. And this thing is really beautiful.
Well, when I arrived, there was, when I looked at
the pictures,
Father, please be with us.
No, I think in that day, all the hiring forms
eventually went to his desk. He's my favorite of
all favorites. Oh, my gosh. Usually my voice
breaks when I start talking
to him. I got back yesterday to Mrs. Williams. I had
two sessions with her. I got back to her. We were her
friends, all of them, and we chatted on the phone.
She said back at Clinton. They started out. How was
it?
to the same, never sold it. Back to old friends
and everything. But he was so, so, so special.
Surely you had some early experience in
Aggieology, Aggie myths and legends. Share some
experiences
with us. Giggum.
Mm-hmm.
and was the conference tournament on a rotational
basis then? Compared, we're still probably...